_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Research Assistant @ Stanford HAI (Education and AI)

profile:
  align: right
  image: DSC_7611.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>CERAS 448</p>
    <p>520 Galvez Mall</p>
    <p>Stanford, CA 94305</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi there! 😃

My name is Wengxi and I'm a research assistant at Stanford University, supervised by [Prof. Hari Subramonyam](https://haridecoded.com/) at the Stanford Institute for Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence (HAI). My research interests lie in human-AI interactions, human-centered design and collaborations that can augment human capabilities in daily life. From a high-level perspective, the main question in my mind: **How to design interfaces that can facilitate the communication of information between humans and AI?**

Two aspects:
+ How to design information representations to make communication smoother between humans and AI
+ What are the scenarios that AI is well suited for helping us do daily tasks

> I am actively seeking for PhD opportunities in Human-Computer Interactions. If you'd like to get in touch, please don't hesitate to email me at **wengxili at umich dot edu**, or on [X](https://twitter.com/LiWengxi)/[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wengxi-li/)!

Previously, I got my Master's degree in [Electrical and Computer Engineering](https://ece.engin.umich.edu/) at the [University of Michigan](https://umich.edu/). I also got a Master's degree in [Medical Physics](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/medical-physics-biomedical-engineering/ucl-medical-physics-and-biomedical-engineering) at the [University College London](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/) supervised by [Dr. Antonio Stanziola](http://bug.medphys.ucl.ac.uk/antonio-stanziola) and [Prof. Bradley Treeby](http://bug.medphys.ucl.ac.uk/bradley-treeby) where I worked on [Therpeutic Ultrasound and Computational Modelling](http://bug.medphys.ucl.ac.uk/research).

My undergrad was at the [Beijing Normal University](https://www.bnu.edu.cn/), where I studied [Physics](https://physics.bnu.edu.cn/) and also worked as a Research Assistant at the [Novel Device Lab](https://btmm1.bnu.edu.cn/laoshizhuye/NDL/English.htm) doing research on semiconductor devices.

I’ve also worked on a few fun coding projects, which you can view via my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/imerlwx).

When I’m not staring at a screen all day, you can always find me hiking in the mountain. # live in nature ✌️🏞

Commit message:

modify to look for internships

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Research Assistant @ CityUHK (HCI)

profile:
  align: right
  image: DSC_7611.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>18 Tat Hong Avenue</p>
    <p>Kowloon Tong, Kowloon</p>
    <p>Hong Kong, China</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi there! 😃

My name is Wengxi and I am a research assistant at the City University of Hong Kong, supervised by Prof. Can Liu. My research interests lie in human-AI interactions, human-centered design and collaborations that can augment human capabilities in daily life. From a high-level perspective, the main question in my mind: **How to design interfaces that can facilitate the communication of information between humans and AI?**

Two aspects:
+ How to design information representations to make communication smoother between humans and AI
+ What are the scenarios that AI is well suited for helping us do daily tasks

> I am actively seeking for summer internships in Human-Computer Interactions. If you'd like to get in touch, please don't hesitate to email me at **wengxili65 at gmail dot com**, or on [X](https://twitter.com/LiWengxi)/[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wengxi-li/)!

Previously, I am a research assistant at Stanford University, supervised by [Prof. Hari Subramonyam](https://haridecoded.com/) at the Stanford Institute for Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence (HAI). I got my Master's degree in [Electrical and Computer Engineering](https://ece.engin.umich.edu/) at the [University of Michigan](https://umich.edu/). I also got a Master's degree in [Medical Physics](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/medical-physics-biomedical-engineering/ucl-medical-physics-and-biomedical-engineering) at the [University College London](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/) supervised by [Dr. Antonio Stanziola](http://bug.medphys.ucl.ac.uk/antonio-stanziola) and [Prof. Bradley Treeby](http://bug.medphys.ucl.ac.uk/bradley-treeby) where I worked on [Therpeutic Ultrasound and Computational Modelling](http://bug.medphys.ucl.ac.uk/research).

My undergrad was at the [Beijing Normal University](https://www.bnu.edu.cn/), where I studied [Physics](https://physics.bnu.edu.cn/) and also worked as a Research Assistant at the [Novel Device Lab](https://btmm1.bnu.edu.cn/laoshizhuye/NDL/English.htm) doing research on semiconductor devices.

I’ve also worked on a few fun coding projects, which you can view via my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/imerlwx).

When I’m not staring at a screen all day, you can always find me hiking in the mountain. # live in nature ✌️🏞
